Suggestions and changes to "Event handlers", "Entities", and "Read models" architecture sections (#250)
boostercloud/booster: docs/README.md

#### Creating an event handler

> Event handlers can be easily created using the Booster CLI command `boost new:event-handler`. There are two compulsory arguments: the event handler name, and the name of the event it will react to. For instance:

Reviewer: What does `compulsory` mean here?

Reviewer 2: Maybe... ??
```suggestion
Event handlers can be easily created using the Booster CLI command `boost new:event-handler`. There are two mandatory arguments: the event handler name, and the name of the event it will react to. For instance:
```

Author: `compulsory` means "not optional", but I don't like the word too. I like the Javi's suggestion

```typescript

> boost new:event-handler HandleAvailability --event StockMoved

Author: To keep the same style as in other command examples, I changed it by the full parameter name

#### Reading entities from event handlers

> Just as we do in command handlers, we can also retrieve entities information to make decisions based on its current state.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Just as we do in command handlers, we can also retrieve entities information to make decisions based on their current state.
```

boost new:entity Product --fields displayName:string description:string price:Money
```

> The generator will automatically create a file called `Product.ts` with a TypeScript class of the same name under the `entities` directory. You can still create the entity manually by creating a class decorated as `@Entity`. Anyway, we recommend you always to use the generator because it handles the boilerplate code for you.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The generator will automatically create a file called `Product.ts` with a TypeScript class of the same name under the `entities` directory. You can still create the entity manually, writing a class decorated with `@Entity`. Anyway, we recommend you always to use the generator because it handles the boilerplate code for you.
```

To avoid using `create` twice in the same sentence
